[WF] add slack trigger docs (#27756)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/workflows/trigger.md

1. Click **Save** on your workflow.
1. Click **Publish** to publish the workflow. A workflow must be published before you can trigger it from GitHub. Published workflows accrue costs based on workflow executions. For more information, see the [Datadog Pricing page][11].

## Slack triggers

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: You must install the Datadog App in your Slack workspace to use this feature. For more information, see [Slack Setup][14].</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Note</strong>: You must install the Datadog App in your Slack workspace to use this feature. For more information, see <a href="/integrations/slack/?tab=datadogforslack#setup">Slack Setup</a>.</div>
```
